DAZHI PENG: Hi, Jeffrey, and a unique. Let's talk about the data screaming project that you guys have of this project coming along.
Jeffrey Feng: Hi, do you?
Jeffrey Feng: We we are a bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list. Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.
Yooni Choi: Yeah, and i'm new to this task. So I was wondering if you could help us out.
DAZHI PENG: Of course I will be happy to help what specifically you need help with.
Jeffrey Feng: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them.
I used a few python libraries, but they are not returning me when I want.
DAZHI PENG: Have you ready to use the selenium? The library?
Jeffrey Feng: I have not.
DAZHI PENG: Selenium is a software testing framework used to automated web browsers. and it can similarly use their interactions with the website and perform automated testing to check where
DAZHI PENG: performance issues and functionality. Try for some of the website you are talking about.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure. Jeffrey's first action item would be to read Selenium's documentation, then.
Yooni Choi: So, Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful suit library.
Jeffrey Feng: Yes, that's one of the Python libraries that I've been using.
Yooni Choi: I kept having installation issues. I don't know what is what is the issue, though my python version might be too old.
Jeffrey Feng: I'll help you with that, I guess. Another of Jeffrey's action item would be to help you with installation issues.
Jeffrey Feng: Could you update your python environment before that
Yooni Choi: That would be great. Thank you. You will up to her python environment as our action item.
DAZHI PENG: Well, you are waiting for Jeffrey to help you. I think you can read into beautiful soups. Documentation
Yooni Choi: sounds good to me. You will make sure to read beautiful suit documentation as your second action. Item.
DAZHI PENG: good Jeffrey, could you create a Github branch? So we can check the progress of this project.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure, I can do that.
Jeffrey Feng: Jeffrey's new action item is to create a Github branch. Then
DAZHI PENG: another excellent proposed of you, Jeffrey, and a unique. If you report the progress tomorrow to me again.
Jeffrey Feng: Sure
Yooni Choi: sounds good to me, Jeffrey. Could we schedule a meeting later? So you can explain your previous code to me. I want to make sure I understand it.
Jeffrey Feng: Yeah, that sounds good. Jeffrey was scheduling a meeting with Uni as another action item of my
DAZHI PENG: All right, great, and for Thatj's action is, he will also add a new member to the team to help out with this project.
DAZHI PENG: I will send you all updates in a week.
Yooni Choi: Thanks to you.